Include a type guard in the TypeScript types (#4)
sindresorhus/has-own-prop: readme.md

> A safer `.hasOwnProperty()`

> Shortcut for `Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty.call(object, property)`. Also returns a type predicate for assertions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shortcut for `Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty.call(object, property)`. Also comes with a type guard for TypeScript users.
```

?
